series_name,season_title,container_position,title,release_date,season_description,description,genre,rating,duration
Your Worst Nightmare,Season 4,1,Every Step You Take,2017-12-02,"Your Worst Nightmare presents unique stories that are connected by unrivaled tension.  Nothing is what it seems, from a missing college student, to shocking home invasions and bad domestic relationships. ","College dancer Jodi Sanderholm has spent weeks practicing her team's big performance. So when she vanishes hours before the event, it doesn't make sense - until a friend comes forward with strange details about the days leading up to Jodi's disappearance.",Nonfiction,TV-14,44
Your Worst Nightmare,Season 4,10,Home Invasion,2018-02-03,"Your Worst Nightmare presents unique stories that are connected by unrivaled tension.  Nothing is what it seems, from a missing college student, to shocking home invasions and bad domestic relationships. ","After separating from her husband of thirteen years, 36-year-old Julie Curry Boyd suddenly finds her life in danger. With three kids at home, she'll stop at nothing to keep them safe.",Nonfiction,TV-14,44
Your Worst Nightmare,Season 4,2,He's Out There,2017-12-09,"Your Worst Nightmare presents unique stories that are connected by unrivaled tension.  Nothing is what it seems, from a missing college student, to shocking home invasions and bad domestic relationships. ","Florida teen Karen Slattery is enjoying a night babysitting her neighbors' children, until a violent intruder bursts into the home and vanishes with no trace. With the community on edge, police know they don't have much time before he strikes again.",Nonfiction,TV-14,44
Your Worst Nightmare,Season 4,3,Midlife Crisis,2017-12-16,"Your Worst Nightmare presents unique stories that are connected by unrivaled tension.  Nothing is what it seems, from a missing college student, to shocking home invasions and bad domestic relationships. ","After a string of bad dates, Texas social worker Deborah Houchin believes she's finally found the man of her dreams. But not long after talk turns to marriage, Deborah disappears. It will take the help of her coworkers to find out what happened.",Nonfiction,TV-14,44
Your Worst Nightmare,Season 4,4,He Seems Perfect,2017-12-23,"Your Worst Nightmare presents unique stories that are connected by unrivaled tension.  Nothing is what it seems, from a missing college student, to shocking home invasions and bad domestic relationships. ","Budding New York fashion designer Jenae Aragosa falls hard for bartender Trevor Frederick. But as a dark side of her new man comes to light, Jenae comes to realize she'll be lucky if she makes it out of this relationship alive.",Nonfiction,TV-14,44
Your Worst Nightmare,Season 4,5,The One that Got Away,2017-12-30,"Your Worst Nightmare presents unique stories that are connected by unrivaled tension.  Nothing is what it seems, from a missing college student, to shocking home invasions and bad domestic relationships. ","20-year-old single mom Tracy Whitehead is starting to turn her life around when she falls for attentive Joby Palczynzki. But as his jealousy starts to overtake their relationship, she soon comes to realize she can run, but she can't hide.",Nonfiction,TV-14,44
Your Worst Nightmare,Season 4,6,Life on the Line,2018-01-06,"Your Worst Nightmare presents unique stories that are connected by unrivaled tension.  Nothing is what it seems, from a missing college student, to shocking home invasions and bad domestic relationships. ","Cousins Ana Franklin and Jennifer Holliday are traveling home late one night when terror strikes. As Jennifer is taken hostage by an unstable man, she soon connects with a 9-1-1 operator who will stop at nothing to see that Jennifer makes it out alive.",Nonfiction,TV-14,44
Your Worst Nightmare,Season 4,8,He's Coming For Me,2018-01-20,"Your Worst Nightmare presents unique stories that are connected by unrivaled tension.  Nothing is what it seems, from a missing college student, to shocking home invasions and bad domestic relationships. ","With a serial killer on the loose in Arlington, TX, 22-year-old Adriane Fields can't shake the chilling suspicion that she's next on the list. Crippled by fear, she moves across town, only to come face-to-face with what she feared most.",Nonfiction,TV-14,44
Your Worst Nightmare,Season 4,9,Twisted Plan,2018-01-27,"Your Worst Nightmare presents unique stories that are connected by unrivaled tension.  Nothing is what it seems, from a missing college student, to shocking home invasions and bad domestic relationships. ","When trusted legal assistant Gail Spencer fails to show up for work, her coworkers are rightfully concerned. But as the sordid details of her abduction come to light, suddenly it seems like someone at the office may know more than they are letting on.",Nonfiction,TV-14,44
